ls /usr/local/apache2/modules/
httpd.exp                    mod_authz_owner.so           mod_dir.so                   mod_lbmethod_heartbeat.so    mod_proxy_connect.so         mod_session_dbd.so
mod_access_compat.so         mod_authz_user.so            mod_dumpio.so                mod_ldap.so                  mod_proxy_express.so         mod_setenvif.so
mod_actions.so               mod_autoindex.so             mod_echo.so                  mod_log_config.so            mod_proxy_fcgi.so            mod_slotmem_plain.so
mod_alias.so                 mod_brotli.so                mod_env.so                   mod_log_debug.so             mod_proxy_fdpass.so          mod_slotmem_shm.so
mod_allowmethods.so          mod_bucketeer.so             mod_example_hooks.so         mod_log_forensic.so          mod_proxy_ftp.so             mod_socache_dbm.so
mod_asis.so                  mod_buffer.so                mod_example_ipc.so           mod_logio.so                 mod_proxy_hcheck.so          mod_socache_memcache.so
mod_auth_basic.so            mod_cache.so                 mod_expires.so               mod_lua.so                   mod_proxy_html.so            mod_socache_redis.so
mod_auth_digest.so           mod_cache_disk.so            mod_ext_filter.so            mod_macro.so                 mod_proxy_http.so            mod_socache_shmcb.so
mod_auth_form.so             mod_cache_socache.so         mod_file_cache.so            mod_md.so                    mod_proxy_http2.so           mod_speling.so
mod_authn_anon.so            mod_case_filter.so           mod_filter.so                mod_mime.so                  mod_proxy_scgi.so            mod_ssl.so
mod_authn_core.so            mod_case_filter_in.so        mod_headers.so               mod_mime_magic.so            mod_proxy_uwsgi.so           mod_status.so
mod_authn_dbd.so             mod_cern_meta.so             mod_heartbeat.so             mod_mpm_event.so             mod_proxy_wstunnel.so        mod_substitute.so
mod_authn_dbm.so             mod_cgi.so                   mod_heartmonitor.so          mod_mpm_prefork.so           mod_ratelimit.so             mod_suexec.so
mod_authn_file.so            mod_cgid.so                  mod_http2.so                 mod_mpm_worker.so            mod_reflector.so             mod_unique_id.so
mod_authn_socache.so         mod_charset_lite.so          mod_ident.so                 mod_negotiation.so           mod_remoteip.so              mod_unixd.so
mod_authnz_fcgi.so           mod_data.so                  mod_imagemap.so              mod_optional_fn_export.so    mod_reqtimeout.so            mod_userdir.so
mod_authnz_ldap.so           mod_dav.so                   mod_include.so               mod_optional_fn_import.so    mod_request.so               mod_usertrack.so
mod_authz_core.so            mod_dav_fs.so                mod_info.so                  mod_optional_hook_export.so  mod_rewrite.so               mod_version.so
mod_authz_dbd.so             mod_dav_lock.so              mod_isapi.so                 mod_optional_hook_import.so  mod_sed.so                   mod_vhost_alias.so
mod_authz_dbm.so             mod_dbd.so                   mod_lbmethod_bybusyness.so   mod_proxy.so                 mod_session.so               mod_watchdog.so
mod_authz_groupfile.so       mod_deflate.so               mod_lbmethod_byrequests.so   mod_proxy_ajp.so             mod_session_cookie.so        mod_xml2enc.so
mod_authz_host.so            mod_dialup.so                mod_lbmethod_bytraffic.so    mod_proxy_balancer.so        mod_session_crypto.so